Readme for storage stuff (#262)
SneaksAndData/adapta: adapta/security/clients/README.md

# Authentication Clients for various platforms

Currently supported:
- HashiCorp Vault
- Azure
- Local (for unit tests)

## Azure Client
There are few important notes on the usage of this client for retrieving storage account credentials via `connect_storage` method. This method is also used by `delta_lake` loaders, thus it is important to understand how to configure your environment and account. 

> 1. Environment Variables: The method first checks for mapped environment variables in a format `PROTEUS__STORAGEACCOUNTNAME_AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_KEY`, and if found, returns the account name and key.

Reviewer: Reading the code, it seems the environment variable name depends on the storage account name. I don't think this is clear from the current description.
```suggestion
1. Environment Variables: The method first checks for mapped environment variables in a format `f'PROTEUS__{STORAGEACCOUNTNAME}_AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_KEY'`, and if found, returns the account name and key.
```
